Come on, you're not afraid of being seen.
It's okay, still sleeping.
Oh, dear.
No, have breakfast
When did you get back?
Talk to me and ask when you came back
This is not your home alone
I can come back whenever I want
Do I need to report to you?
Tongtong, you fell asleep last night
Brother Yu actually called his roommate that night
You see
This is the porridge that Brother Yu made for you when he got up early in the morning
Don't be angry.
How have you been?
Did you get burned?
I'm fine, you'd better hurry up and be red
Li Yue, you can't even control Gao Yu's affairs
You still speak for Xu Zeyu now
An Tong, are you going too far?
Am I going too far? Are you going too far?
Brother Xiaoyu, stop arguing
Hey, stop listening to him
He is mentally ill
Li Yue
Should you go?